SRVKE-747: Broker docs clean up and add Kafka broker (#40701)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-kafka-broker-tls-default-config.adoc

// Module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/admin_guide/serverless-kafka-admin.adoc

[id="serverless-kafka-broker-tls-default-config_{context}"]
= Configuring TLS authentication for Kafka brokers

As a cluster administrator, you can set up TLS authentication for Kafka brokers by modifying the `KnativeKafka` custom resource (CR).

.Prerequisites

> * The {ServerlessOperatorName}, Knative Eventing, and the `KnativeKafka` custom resource are installed on your {product-title} cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {ServerlessOperatorName}, Knative Eventing, and the `KnativeKafka` CR are installed on your {product-title} cluster.
```
